The Army of the Imperial Army, which is the second largest army in Hong Kong, is deployed to Hong Kong on December 28 at 030.
Today is December 28, 2016.
It is rare to see the cold weather in the southern country.
The cloudy sky is still in full bloom.
The sun is shining brightly from the afternoon to the afternoon.
It is 3.30 p.m. and the sky is full of Hong Kong's city.
The entrance ceremony of our army, which shines brightly on the battlefield, has begun.
Pyramid is opening.
The writing of the Great blessing while enemies were present in the mourning village at the tail of the Victoria Peak is membled by the determination of the members of the island.
The sea is filled with the signs of our military.
The military aircraft are flying in the wind.
The sky is covered with the big planes.
The flowing military music is flowing from Victoria Road to Unabara Haruka.
It shines on the island of Hong Kong.
The breathe of our short-lived EnglishÖ
Heyang killed many important ensuite Chinese military all over.
Our three-man army increased euros hundreds of times.
A threat of Japanese military is approaching us richtig now,
Iôngwists, please pay your respects to Kiyaki
Hooray!